Illustrative example of my theory.

As a child did you ever draw a right angle with a protractor or triangle and then look very closely at the angle using a magnifying glass? If you did you would have discovered that at the point where the lines connect it's always curved. Always! No matter how much you sharpen your pencil or how much care you take with your geometry -- even drawing two separate lines -- the point of the angle will always be rounded. It's easy to see the right angle drawn on a page from a distance  of a few feet or even inches but if you get close enough to the point of any right angle you can always find that rounded part. Since the smallest point at the start of the right angle is round it isn't really a right angle there. Only by observing the point from far enough away is it a right angle. 

The same is true for any right angle that you can see. If you get close enough to the intersecting lines there will always be a curve where the right angle should start to exist. So if the angle doesn't start out as a right angle at which point does the right angle really begin? It's not when you see the right angle since right angles are not governed by your acknowledgement that they exist. 

Everyone knows and understands the definition of right angles. As a geometric construct they occur as natural phenomenon whenever lines or planes intersect orthogonally. And they aren't just a theoretical construct. Everyone knows that they can be found in nature and work for math and architecture and everywhere else they are defined

Right angles don't occur in atoms, molecules, subatomic or quantum particles. These are the basic building blocks of life on Earth. They do occur at the corners of building or at the sides of your monitor perhaps or in equilateral triangles until you get close enough to where they should start. So do right angles only exist after a given size? If so what is that size and how can we characterize where it begins given what we know about the spacetime?  This can be framed as is a question about where the definition of the right angle can be realized and where it doesn't and at which point does the definition switch. 

These are the kinds of questions my theory aims to solve.  


